https://jserd.springeropen.com/articles/10.1186/s40411-017-0041-1

//Refactoring
https://sourcemaking.com/refactoring 

//Common Code Smells
https://apiumhub.com/tech-blog-barcelona/code-smells/


INTRODUCE YOUR VISION OF THE PROJECT AND WHAT YOU HOPE TO ACHIEVE.

Scentaur is a Java specific "code smell" detector. The team behind Scentaur
believes that many current code smell detector's are not particularly 
easy to use and understand (i.e. JDeodrant and inFusion) thus we the team envisions
Scentaur to be a user friendly code smell detector tool.

Team Scentaur plans to achieve in making a web based code smell detector tool. Allowing
quick, easy and maintable way of detecting smells and even enabling users to refactor
fragments of code that was detected by Scentaur. Scentaur aims to reduce the amount of time
required to detect smells unlike JDeodrant which has a significantly long time in detecting smells,
as it contains many types of detectors (22) along with the ability to refactor smelly code.

Team Scentaur has set several main goals in mind. Here are the following:

- To learn and understand the different types of code smells.
- To understand and take responsibility in a larger team.
- To enable Scentaur for future uses outside of the assignment background.
- To enable easy implementations and execution of other code smells in the future.

Scentaur strives to provide easy access, usage, lookup for all types of users. Being able to 
switch between a detailed and broad descriptor of the code smells detected followed by a color
coded lines of code for each individual smell. Team Scentaur encourages young Java users to
understand the purpose of code smells by presenting easy to understand visualization of code smell data,
followed by a brief description of the smells involved.

Scentaur also provides for those that are more experienced with Java and data. By presenting 
a much more indepth explaination of code smells detected and help users to track down the problem.

Quote.....................................................

